what a fantastic start I'm here today to
do a program pole fishing on canals and
you never know when you come down to
catch fish on canals they've been
catching some some good fish on tears
hem feeding him and fishing tears so I
thought I'll just put a little bit of
hemp in and put a tear on the hook just
to see if there's anything here and I'm
into a good fish straight away now where
I'm today I'm a small just outside a
small village called Ivanhoe on the
Grand Union Canal and the trouble with
canals is you always get trains and
plenty of cars and loads of traffic but
the fishing is always fantastic it's a
good fish this one and this stretch of
the canal is is leased from British
waterways by Luton AC and they've been
very generous today in letting us come
and fish this stretch this is a really
big fish unusual to catch such quality
oh I said it was a fantastic start and
it really is big canal Roach to open the
program and that is really is a big fish
just take the hook out for
took a tear beaked air which is a tear
is a bit if you look at tear it's a bit
like an elderberry it's a big black seed
and then look at that roach that it's
got to be at least 12 ounces I think I'm
in for a good day
apart from putting some hemp in there
hemp and tears I also fed a little bit
of ground back just to make sure that
there's a few fish in the area and the
groundbait I've put some a few squats a
few pinkies because there's loads of
fish to catch on canals and you have to
do different different things to catch
them
you